[Docs] Improved perspective and custom view documentation by yaml code examples (#13915)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/18_Tools_and_Features/13_Perspectives.md

Perspectives allow to create different views in the backend UI and even customize the standard perspective.
This feature could be combined with the configuration options already available for the [Custom Views](../05_Objects/01_Object_Classes/05_Class_Settings/20_Custom_Views.md).

> You can create or edit perspectives and custom views within the pimcore backend ui using the [perspective editor](https://github.com/pimcore/perspective-editor) bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create or edit perspectives and custom views within the pimcore backend UI using the [perspective editor](https://github.com/pimcore/perspective-editor) bundle.
```

## The Configuration File

Where the perspective configure is stored depends on your configuration.

> Per default this will be the settings-store. 
> If you want to change the default behaviour have a look at the [environment](../21_Deployment/03_Configuration_Environments.md#page_Configuration-Storage-Locations-Fallbacks) configuration options. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per default, this will be the settings-store. 
If you want to change the default behaviour, have a look at the [environment](../21_Deployment/03_Configuration_Environments.md#page_Configuration-Storage-Locations-Fallbacks) configuration options. 
```

## The Configuration File

> Where the perspective configure is stored depends on your configuration.
> Per default, this will be the settings-store. 
> If you want to change the default behaviour, have a look at the [environment](../21_Deployment/03_Configuration_Environments.md#page_Configuration-Storage-Locations-Fallbacks) configuration options. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Format and location of the perspective configuration depends on your environment.
Per default the symfony-config is used.
If you want to change the default behaviour, have a look at the [environment](../21_Deployment/03_Configuration_Environments.md#page_Configuration-Storage-Locations-Fallbacks) configuration options. 
```

| `[perspectiveName]["elementTree"][i]["id"]`                       | integer                                        | The id of customview elements rendered in the tree. (works only with the *customview* type) |
| `[perspectiveName]["toolbar"]`                                    | array                                          | that option allows to add changes in the toolbar menu.                                     |
| `[perspectiveName]["toolbar"][i][menuName]`                       | string (file,marketing,extras,settings,search) | these are the default toolbar menus                                                        |
| `[perspectiveName]["toolbar"][i][menuName]["hidden"]`             | boolean                                        | ability to hide a specified menu (the available list you can find in the example below)    |
| `[perspectiveName]["toolbar"][i][menuName]["items"]["itemsName"]` | boolean                                        | You could specify there, which submenu elements you would like to generate.                |

## Simple example

> In the [example configuration](14_Perspective_Example.md) you can find advance usage. 
> Below, I showed how to create the simple structure which would be use for catalog administrators.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: This is a simple example, which could be used for catalog administrators. For advanced usage please see the [example configuration](14_Perspective_Example.md).
```
